Note: You can interact with most objects by typing the name of the object. For example, type 'torch' at spawn to pick up the torch.

---------------Commands available anywhere--------------------------------------:
north, south, east, west: Basic movement commands.

info, information, health: Prints Player health, inventory, and coordinate position.

quit, exit: Quit the game. 

potion, drink potion, use potion: If you have a potion, drink it.

use scroll, use teleportation scroll, scroll, teleport, tp, use tp: If you have a Teleportation Scroll, use it.


----------------Commands only available in certain rooms--------------------------:
take potion, pick up potion: Takes a potion from the room and adds it to your inventory.

take teleportation scroll, pick up teleportation scroll: Takes a Teleportation Scroll from the room and adds it to your inventory.

take, pick up: General pick up that works on most items

pick up, staff, aged wooden staff: If you are in the Oil Rig room, adds the staff to your inventory.

talk, speak, hi: Initial interaction prompt with the NPC 1 tile south of spawn.
  - yes, staff, give staff: After initial interaction, remove the staff from your inventory and get a full heal.

avoid, ignore: If you get a Mimic encounter, type this to not take damage.

dodge, avoid: If you get a Swinging Axes encounter, type this to not take damage.

disarm, avoid, ignore: If you get a Bear Trap encounter, type this to not take damage.

mirror, look, inspect: If you get a Mirror encounter, type this for a free item duplication.

sofa: Sofas the Sofa if you encounter a Sofa.

chest, open, open chest: If you encounter a Chest, type this to interact with it.

run, dodge, avoid: Type this to run from a Ghost encounter. Spooky.

run, dodge, avoid: Type this to run from a Slime encounter.

talk, speak, treasure hunter: Type this if you find a Treasure Hunter. They might have something important to share.

read, inspect, wall, squint: Reveals the Trivia Room question.

1, 2, 3: Input your answer to the Trivia question. You will get 1 of 3 random questions.
  - The answers for each possible question are as follows:
    - 212
    - 'E Pluribus Unum'
    - Two-Handed

pick up, key, yes, compartment: Adds the Key#1 to your inventory if you have completed the Trivia room.

torch, use torch, light: If you took the torch, illuminates the room containing Key#2 and adds it to your inventory.

ladder, pick up, take: If you are in the Ladder room, adds it to your inventory.

ladder, use ladder, place ladder: If you are in the room with Key#3, place the ladder and add the key to your inventory.

door, unlock, keys, use key, use keys: If you are at the Final Door and have all three keys, type this to get the Standard Ending.



There are a couple more relevant commands if you find the secret. But if I tell you, it wouldn't be a secret. I will give you only one of them.

poop: You will get the Poop Ending. But why would you want that?
